Wow!!
We've got a fountain fan
on our hands!
Ya like that?
They look like some
adorable young couple out
and about with their kiddo,
don't you think?
--[CHIHO] Yeah.
--[ASHIYA] Quite.
I feel bad for the kid.
You said you'd take care of her,
but you're not even prepared to
protect her from the sun!
Uh... Yeah, you're right.
That place probably
has some tiny hats.
I don't know,
looks a little bougie.
[EMI] A hat that
small won't cost much.
Well...
[EMI]
"Well" nothing!
It looks cute on you,
and I love the colors,
but it's a teeny bit too big.
Then again, I'm sure
you'll grow into it soon.
Nothing to add, pops?
You don't need
or want my comments.
How long are you going
to take care of her?
Hard to say.
Her real parents could show up
tomorrow, and that'd be that.
Or maybe she'll be
with me until she grows up.
Is your plan to stay
in this world for good?
This will sound
weird coming from me,
but aren't you worried
about all the troops you
ditched in Ente Isla?
[MAOU]
Nah. I've given up on all that.
Huh?
[RIKA] If you ask me, the
baby has Emi fever.
Look at her little hat,
I'm gonna melt!
I beg you, my liege, guard your
wallet with vigilance.
Looks like they have
a pink or yellow ribbon.
Okay, kiddo. What'll it be?
Hmm... Want Malkuth!
I'd imagine whatever troops
I left are wiped out.
Probably have been for a while
So, they fall to pieces the
second their leader leaves.
Well, that sums up
demons for ya.
[MAOU]
Aw, this is the one!
[CLERK]
I can help you.
Even if I did get
my magic back somehow,
I couldn't conquer the
world the way I am now.
We agree on something!
And if all the demons are dead,
there's no reason to keep
calling yourself their Lord.
Hold up, who said all
the demons are dead?
Does every human
become a soldier
when your people wage war?
She's going to wear it out,
so could you remove
the tag, please?
[CLERK]
Yes, of course, sir.
Ah! My cute?
Yeah, you're mega cute!
It's getting close to lunchtime.
Maybe that means
the lines will be shorter.
Something must've gone down,
Emi looks POed.
They probably argued
about money, huh?
Ahh! Two. Thousand.
Five. Hundred.
You're looking even paler
and shakier than usual.
Heh heh...
Yes. Astute observation.
[RIKA] This is way more
boring than I thought it'd be.
I expected some more aggression.
Maybe children do
bring couples together.
Huh? Is this all some creepy
form of entertainment to you?
Ah!
My sweet and innocent Chiho.
You should speak
better of your big sis!
Fine! I sowwy.
I just wanted to know
what Emi's face
would look like on
a date with this guy.
Yeah, that's kinda
textbook creepy!
I'm no creep, child.
I am a voyeur.
[CHIHO]
That sounds even worse!
Maybe you should
explain why you're here.
Me? I'm not here for that.
It's just--
Come on. You can
spill to your sister,
my lips are sealed, girl.
It's nothing!
Tell her, Ashiya.
I'm glad someone is at
least enjoying themselves.
This is the second-happiest
place on earth!
Life's no fun if you're always
so stiff and proper.
Time to play!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Malkuth and Kether!
--Aw, look atcha go!
--And Geburah and Chesed!
Balloons are awesome, huh?
Hold up, who said all
the demons are dead?
Does every human
become a soldier
when your people wage war?
[EMI] I feel like I just had the
rug pulled out from under me.
[MAOU]
Emi. Earth to Emi!
Oh. Uh, what?
You totally just spaced out.
[EMI]
Huh? I was thinking, okay?
So sorry that I have thoughts!
Oh, wow.
Please don't float away, kid.
So what did you want?
The ankle-biter wants
to check out this show.
Apparently, she's
super into bright colors.
[EMI] It costs extra,
though. Is that cool?
Yeah, I'll have
to apologize to Ashiya.
I mean, I did
already buy the hat.
I'm just saying.
Subtle. No worries,
I can cover it.
[MAOU]
I owe you!
Okay, sadly, this showing
is already sold out.
I got tickets for the next one.
If we're stuck waiting,
do you wanna grab food?
For sure.
Does anything
sound yummy to you?
Uhh...
[MAOU]
Ready to get moving?
[EMI]
Yup.
[giggles]
Look. Break's over.
Right.
[EMI]
Too close!
[RED SHINOBI]
Hup!
[YELLOW SHINOBI]
Yah!
Whoa!
[RED SHINOBI]
Hup!
Damn, that jump was from
seriously high up there!
Please, you're the actual devil,
why are you impressed?
Why are the ninjas so colorful?
Can't sneak around in that crap!
Do you mind not ruining the
kid how we have to watch?
[SHINOBIS]
Let's go!
[PINK SHINOBI]
Take this!
Whoa, the pink one
has some nasty moves.
Don't you think, Alas Ramus?
What's up? You good?
Sefi. All. All fell down.
Dada. Sefi all fell down.
Say what?
Everybody all fell down
from the tree.
Mama got Alas Ramus
and run away.
Now Malkuth is gone away.
[MAOU]
What does that mean?
That light!
I haven't seen it pop up again
since she hatched out
of the apple!
Yeah, same.
Let's get out of here!
Excuse us. Emergency.
[EMI] She doesn't seem
to have a fever.
But go buy her a cold drink,
just in case.
[MAOU]
I'm on it!
[LAILAH]
Is everything all right?
Uh. Yes, we're fine.
I think we might've had a bit
too much excitement today.
Mama.
I'm right here, cutie.
Might I lend a helping hand?
Hey! What do you
think you're doing?
Gimme. Dada.
Huh?!
Ah! Mama!
There's no reason
to be so wary of me.
I promise,
I'm no enemy of yours.
And certainly not of hers.
My, how you've grown.
I'm glad you're safe,
Alas Ramus.
Huh? Why the hell do you
know her name?
Why wouldn't I?
It's a very important one.
You should be careful.
I'm sure there are many
who have taken note
of the shard of Yesod
on her forehead by now.
Wait a sec.
Tell me who you are.
[LAILAH]
The enemy is coming.
Gabriel and his Heavenly
Regiment are on the move.
I got it! Here!
You feeling better? I'm gla--!
Thanks for nothing,
captain oblivious!
She ran away!
[URUSHIHARA]
Wait, what thing that happened?
[SUZUNO] You know.
The ordeal with the Gate.
Oh, yeah.
Cooking up a conspiracy
theory or something?
[knocking]
Pizza Eats' here!
[CHIHO]
I found 'em! Twelve o'clock!
Great work Special Agent Chiho,
but how'd you do it?
Guided by love?
You know what they say
about assuming, right?
Don't make me
spell it out for you!
What a day.
I can't believe you
got sick from olive oil!
We only lost them
because you were taking
your sweet time on the toilet.
I'm so ashamed.
Riding the Ferris wheel, I see.
I wonder what sort
of naughty stuff
they'll get into in a private
room way up in the sky.
Are you for real?
Don't worry,
I'm only messing around!
We should ride this thing!
Do you think you're
up for it, Ashiya?
Yes. I believe so.
[ATTENDANT A]
Family fun time?
We've got three!
Right. Snuggle up
for a pic before you go!
[ATTENDANT B]
Look this way!
Eyes over here, mom!
[ATTENDANT A] These photos
will be available at our booth!
They'd be a lovely
memento of your trip.
We couldn't be less interested.
[ATTENDANT A]
Enjoy your ride!
Jeez, what a Karen.
[RIKA]
They're already on board?
Go quick!
They might split us up!
I'm coming!
Young lady, could you
help me buy some tickets?
[CHIHO]
Of course!
First you put
your money in here-
If you come with me,
we'll get your picture taken!
It'd be the perfect memento!
[ATTENDANT B] What's with
the frown, Mister Boyfriend?
Say cheese.
Thank you for
all your help, dear.
Yeah, you saved the day!
Anytime. Huh?
[CHIHO]
Whaaaa...?
We totally abandoned Chiho.
[ASHIYA]
Yes, indeed we did.
Tell me.
Why'd you want
her to live with you?
And why keep her at your place?
Well, it's uh--
That crest on her forehead.
It's obvious you recognize it.
No more secrets!
If we had been quicker,
we'd have a better view.
You okay? Is something wrong?
No! I'm fine.
I just feel bad for leaving
our pal stuck down there.
Sorry, Chiho!
Huh?
[RIKA]
A private room in the sky.
Are you absolutely
sure you're feeling well?
Your face is taking
on a reddish color.
Uh... That's weird,
but I'm really all right!
Maybe my sunscreen
didn't work or something.
So? Are you gonna tell me
the truth, or should I kill you?
[MAOU]
Is there a not-crappy option?
You seriously need to chill out
with the death threats
in front of the kid!
Let's just say I'm her dad,
that's a hundred percent
okay with me.
It stopped being that simple
when a mystery lady in all white
showed up and started talking
about a heavenly regiment!
Unless you want me
as an enemy again,
tell me everything
you know right now!
Oh, and you'll be
my ally if I do?
Not yours, moron. The kid's.
Huh?
[MAOU] It started
before I ruled the demons.
Back when I was barely
stronger than a goblin.
The demon realm
was super brutal.
Battles to the death
were an everyday occurrence.
All it took was for one
muscle-for-brains monster
to come along.
My clan was wiped out.
My home, gone.
The last memory
I have of my parents?
Is them lying lifeless
on the ground.
I was almost
right here with them.
But for whatever reason,
someone decided this snot-nosed
demon kid needed saving.
That's the first time
I met an angel.
I tried attacking her.
But she brushed
me off like a gnat.
[MAOU] Instead of killing me
that day, she saved my life.
She would talk to me while
my wounds were healing.
She taught me things
I'd never heard of before,
and explained things
I never quite understood
The more I learned, the more
I realized how weird it was
for an angel to save a demon.
So I asked her,
"Why did you help me?"
What'd she say?
Don't laugh at me.
If you do,
I won't finish the story.
[MAOU] So, uh, I was crying
when she found me.
She saved me because I was
the first demon she'd seen cry.
Why were you crying?
I wasn't sad, exactly.
Maybe I was just weak.
Or maybe because death didn't
seem fair--I don't really know.
It was this angel who told me
about the existence
of a "human" realm.
[EMI]
His invasion of Ente Isla
was indirectly
caused by an angel?
Weird, but Alas Ramus's
crest is the same shape
as a crystal the angel left
behind before she vanished.
With it, there was a
mysterious note that said,
"If you want to know
more about this world,
plant this seed
and help it grow.
Do your best, Demon King Satan."
Without all the knowledge
she had given me,
I couldn't have unified
the demon realm.
So, I did just as she told me.
I had faith it would lead
to something good.
I planted the crystal
and helped it grow strong.
Guess that makes me her dad.
Did you ever get
the name of that angel?
[MAOU] Don't worry about it,
it's no one you would know.
More importantly, how'd you
get our girl back to normal?
[EMI]
That lady in white healed her.
All she had to do
was lift up her hand.
Then what?
[EMI]
She mentioned something
about Gabriel and
a "shard of Yesod."
Excuse me?
You must've been a seriously
crappy Church knight!
Huh?
Shit, Yesod?
So that's what
all this is all about.
Dada, okay?
Yeah, but I need your help.
What's the red one called?
Geburah!
What about the white?
Kether!
[MAOU]
Yellow?
[ALAS RAMUS]
Malkuth! My buddy!
Good job. Wow. Smarty!
Smarty?
[EMI]
What was that about?
I have a feeling this kiddo
is something way bigger
than your average
angel or demon.
Geburah, Kether,
Malkuth, and Yesod.
They're all names of sephiroth,
the world-forming jewels that
grow on the Tree of Life.
Alas Ramus might be
an incarnation of Yesod.
[CHIHO]
It's hard to admit.
But I'm only here
because I'm jealous.
I can't believe
I creeped on my friends.
And after Mister Maou told me
how much he trusts me.
I'm the worst.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Dada! Can we get it!
A thousand yen?
We'll take it.
Uh. Hey. You don't mind?
I'm not doing you a favor.
I have to buy it, it's the
first picture she's been in.
Don't show it to a soul.
If this gets out, it could
compromise my position!
It'll be safe, right?
Ah! Oh, thank you, Mama!
Come on, let's keep it moving.
--Urushihara? Whats up?
--Hello? Hi, Bel.
Hey, wait a sec, where did
everybody run off to?
It seems even
Miss Sasaki has vanished.
That's a little weird.
Hey, how are you, Emi?
Is the big date going okay?
Wait, there was some
emergency at home?
Oh, gosh. Stay safe.
Our targets have left.
Miss Sasaki might've as well.
Maybe, but I still feel bad.
Apologize to Chiho
when you see her.
And say it's from me, too.
Shouldn't be a problem.
I suppose I'll be on my way now.
Thank you for
your great assistance.
Uh... Just one more thing!
[ASHIYA]
Yes?
[RIKA] Oh, crap,
why didn't I let him walk away?
Here, you should
have my phone number.
Just in case something happens.
Ah, thank you, I might require
your surveillance
skills in the future.
Goodbye!
Would you like to
purchase your photo?
Sorry. They caught me off-guard.
Oh! Hi! We haven't
been too rough.
I'm hopeful that we can work out
any kinks with diplomacy.
So, are you Gabriel?
[GABRIEL]
Yes! Tis I!
I didn't expect a
personal appearance
from Yesod's guardian angel.
Well, here I am.
I'll take the kid, and
your friend's sacred sword.
Also, so sorry, but we also took
that yummy pizza
Lucifer ordered.
Oh! Don't fret,
we can pay you back.
That's not the issue!
I mean, it's not the main issue.
Uhp! If you don't
hand over the girl,
you can kiss your
precious pizza money goodbye.
What kind of parent trades
their kid for pizza money?
[GABRIEL]
Come on.
When I found out the
child's shard was taken
from the Devil's Castle,
I was seriously bummed out.
But when I started to
sense its energy again,
I was over the moon!
So... Pretty please?
May I have her back?
No! Bad man took Kether
and Binah and Chokmah!
He took buddy Malkuth!
Hate him!
It's clear she doesn't want
anything to do with you.
As her dad,
I won't let you take her!
[GABRIEL]
Aw! Can I have the sword, then?
Are you dumb, or stupid?
It's my possession
until I achieve my goal.
So the rub here is that I can't
go home without the little one.
Mmkay? Pretty please?
Not a chance.
No matter what?
No matter what.
You might become target number
one on Heaven's Most Wanted.
[MAOU] I'm not about
to ruin this kid's life
just to save my own.
[GABRIEL]
Bummer.
I hate when I have to use force.
This pains me
as much as it will you.
Dada!
Even if you were at
full power, I'm sure I'd win.
If you're smart,
you'll give me the child.
Well? Are ya smart?
Are you?
I'm the ruler of demons, dude,
pissing off angels comes
with the territory!
And once I finally
conquer the world,
I plan on making this girl
the heir to my throne!
You leave me no choice.
I'll try my best to go
easy on you, though.
I can stop the very
second you admit defeat.
Mister Maou!
Chiho? Hurry! Run!
I just came by to apologize
for what I did today.
Then I saw what
was going on over here.
I know I probably can't do much
to help with stuff like this.
But I've gotta try something!
This is far beyond
your comprehension.
As a human of this world.
[CHIHO]
Oh, please,
I already know all about
Mister Maou and Ente Isla.
I even know that you're
probably an angel here
to take away Alas Ramus!
Wow! So you pegged me
as an angel, eh?
Is it my beauty and grace?
No, but out of everyone who's
been mean to Mister Maou,
the bulk of them
have been angels.
[URUSHIHARA]
She's not impressed, bro.
As you can see, we're very busy.
For your own safety,
you should hurry along home now.
I beg you, sir!
Please don't take Alas Ramus
away from her home!
She loves Mister Maou
and Miss Yusa
like she's known
them for her entire life!
You can't do this!
Wha--? There's no need to cry!
Feelings are not my forte!
Please, no puppy dog eyes!
You're making me
look like the bad guy here!
I beg you. Don't take her!
All right, fine! Keep the baby.
For now. Tomorrow morning,
we'll be back for her.
Crew, take wing. Capiche?
I sound like a wiseguy!
I'm an angel, not a gangster!
Hello, every--
Urushihara! Explain this!
Not the time, pizza police.
There's real problems.
Forget Ashiya,
he missed out on the climax.
So, what's our plan, chief?
That's up to the kiddo.
Be honest, do you want
to go with that guy?
No!
Thought so.
Then that's what we'll do.
Tomorrow, we're gonna
mount an all-out resistance.
Huh? You can't
be serious right now!
Bel and I can't just
go up against an angel
in broad daylight like--
I understand.
I also understand
determination alone
isn't enough
to win this fight.
Sometimes, being an adult
means to plan for the worst
and manage risk later.
By the way...
Yeah, what?
You sleep here.
For tonight, at least.
--Huh?
--Ahh!
[CHIHO gasps]
Huuuuuuuh?!